README.md, before:

# Guzzle
[![Build Status][build-badge]][travis]
[![Dependency Status][david-badge]][david]
[![devDependency Status][david-dev-badge]][david-dev]
## Requirements
- Node.js (5.0+)

## Tech Stack
- [Babel 6](http://babeljs.io/) ES6+ support
- [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) CSS with superpowers
- [BrowserSync](https://browsersync.io/) Time-saving synchronized browser testing.
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) Streaming build system
- [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/) Module bundler


## Getting started

### Installation

```shell
$ git clone git@github.com:strues/guzzle
$ cd guzzle
$ npm install
```

### Make it work

```shell
$ npm start
$ npm run build
```

## Documentation


Troubleshooting
---------------

Please create [an issue](https://github.com/strues/guzzle/issues/new).


[build-badge]: http://img.shields.io/travis/strues/guzzle.svg?branch=master&style=flat
[david-badge]: http://img.shields.io/david/strues/guzzle.svg?style=flat
[david-dev-badge]: http://img.shields.io/david/dev/strues/guzzle.svg?style=flat

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/strues/guzzle
[david]: https://david-dm.org/strues/guzzle
[david-dev]: https://david-dm.org/strues/guzzle#info=devDependencies

Commit message:

updates to production building for sass specifically.

README.md, after:

# Guzzle
[![Build Status][build-badge]][travis]
[![Dependency Status][david-badge]][david]
[![devDependency Status][david-dev-badge]][david-dev]
## Requirements
- Node.js (5.0+)

## Tech Stack
- [Babel 6](http://babeljs.io/) ES6+ support
- [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) CSS with superpowers
- [BrowserSync](https://browsersync.io/) Time-saving synchronized browser testing.
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) Streaming build system
- [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/) Module bundler


## Getting started

### Installation

```shell
$ git clone git@github.com:strues/guzzle
$ cd guzzle
$ npm install
```

### Make it work

```shell
$ npm start
$ npm run build
```

## Documentation

#### Build for production
`npm run build` or `gulp build --prod` will both minify and optimize files for production. It is important to note that,
you must pass the --prod flag in order to instruct Gulp to perform the additional production tasks.

Troubleshooting
---------------

Please create [an issue](https://github.com/strues/guzzle/issues/new).


[build-badge]: http://img.shields.io/travis/strues/guzzle.svg?branch=master&style=flat
[david-badge]: http://img.shields.io/david/strues/guzzle.svg?style=flat
[david-dev-badge]: http://img.shields.io/david/dev/strues/guzzle.svg?style=flat

[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/strues/guzzle
[david]: https://david-dm.org/strues/guzzle
[david-dev]: https://david-dm.org/strues/guzzle#info=devDependencies
